Added helm remote repo example (#5640)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: integration/examples/helm-remote-repo/README.md

### Example: deploy remote helm chart

> This example shows how to deploy a remote helm chart from a remote repo. This can be helpfulf or consuming other helm packages as part of your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to deploy a remote helm chart from a remote repo. This can be helpful  for consuming other helm packages as part of your app.
```

> This example shows how to deploy a remote helm chart from a remote repo. This can be helpful  for consuming other helm packages as part of your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to deploy a remote helm chart from a remote repo. This can be helpful for consuming other helm packages as part of your app.
```
